[docs] Add link to the flow.deckhouse.io on the releases page (#4061)
deckhouse/deckhouse: docs/documentation/pages/RELEASES.md

layout: page
toc: false
---
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href='{{ assets["releases.css"].digest_path | true_relative_url }}' />
{%- assign releases = site.data.releases.channels | sort: "stability" -%}

<div class="docs__information warning active">
For information about which versions of Deckhouse are currently on which update channels and the planned date of changing the version on the update channel, go on the <a href="https://flow.deckhouse.io" target="_blank">flow.deckhouse.io</a> website.
</div>  

> Clusters, as elements of the infrastructure, usually have different requirements.
> 
> A production cluster, unlike a development cluster, has higher reliability requirements. Frequent updates and changes to components are undesirable on a productive cluster. Components should be tested as much as possible.
> 
> Deckhouse uses **five release channels**, between which it can "soft" switch using the [deckhouse](modules/002-deckhouse/) module: it is enough to specify the desired release channel in the module [configuration](modules/002-deckhouse/configuration.html#parameters-releasechannel).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clusters, as infrastructure elements, usually have to meet various requirements.

A production cluster, unlike a development one, has higher requirements for reliability. In a production cluster, frequent component updates and changes are undesirable. All the cluster components must be thoroughly tested for stable and reliable operation.

Deckhouse uses **five release channels** which you can *soft-switch* between using the [deckhouse](modules/002-deckhouse/) module: just specify the desired release channel in the module [configuration](modules/002-deckhouse/configuration.html#parameters-releasechannel).
```
